Lyrics page(change name to highlight lyrics)
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
1st Single Album: 2 Cool 4 Skool [June 13, 2013]
	INTRO: 2 Cool 4 Skool (feat. DJ Friz)
		We are now going to progress to some steps which are a bit more difficult. Ready, set and begin.Bighit exclusive!!

		Easier for us to speak on behalf of teens and those in their 20s.

	We Are Bulletproof Pt.2
		The name is Jungkook, my scale is nationwide(play on words)
		I pulled all-nighters at practice rooms instead of school, dancing and singing
		wWhen you guys partied, I gave up sleep for my dreams

		All you who are called rappers because you can't sing,
		the rapper title is an extravagance for you

		Everywhere I go, everything I do
		I will show you as much as I sharpened my sword
		To all the people who looked down on me, oh oh oh oh oh oh, hey shout it out

		Oh! Throw a stone at me if you've done as much as I did
		We go hard, we have no fear(Click click, bang bang)
		We juss sing it like(Click click, bang bang)

		Rap monster, like my name, I can eat up any kind of beat like a monster
		I am loyal to my name. Hey guys, come here, take a preview, I put a twist to being an idol, Haha
		Hyungs who are only full of their hip-hop pride told me it’s impossible, but
		look carefully at me, placing a period on impossible
		I’m possible– Is it good now, boy?

	SKIT: Circle Room Talk
		Each member of BTS talk about their dreams in this skit.

	No More Dream
		I wanna big house, big cars & big rings
		But actually, I don’t have any big dreams

		What is the you that you’ve dreamed of?
		Who do you see in the mirror? I gotta say
		Go on your path, even if you live for a day
		Do something, put away your weakness

		Sick of the same day, the repeating days
		Adults and my parents keep telling me the same dreams
		The number one future career is a government worker?
		It’s not a forced dream, a ninth inning relief pitcher throw a fast ball

		Throw a fast ball at the waste of time that is night study sessions
		Rebel against the hell-like society, ignore the dreams
		Ask yourself about your dream profile
		Become the main subject of your life that has always been held back

		That's a lie, you such a liar
		See me, see me ya, you're such a hypocrite
		Why're you telling to go a different path?
		Take care of yourself, please don't force me

	I like it
		Wanna be loved
		Don't wanna be fool, wanna be cool, wanna be loved
		Same love as you
		Baby i want it

		On every new picture you post up
		a guy I've never seen before likes it, who is he?
		Oh right, I'm not your boyfriend anymore

		After we broke up, you look better
		pretty woman Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah
		Oh, Annoyingly, you still look good,
		pretty woman, Oh pretty woman